1 Project: A flying remote control quadcopter
Understand components for flight controls
Learn mechanics: load balancing, torque, orientation, flight
Understand troubleshooting with quadcopter
Documentation once at hover

Stretch goal:
Implement own flight controls
UAV

Misc:
Figure out battery issue
Puppy drone
lost?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Introduction:
With the proliferation of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), especially with the US military, there has been a growth in public communites with the usage of aerial vehicles manned and unmanned. Helicopters and once ruled hobbyist skies, but tide has turned in favor of quadcopters. 

Components:
Frame
	This is the core to everything. The frame holds all of the components. Things to consider when choosing a frame are the size, weight, and materials because they can affect how the 'copter will fly and most certainly how it'll handle impacts during collisions and crashes.
Motor x 4
	In tandem with the propellers, motors are what drive lift. A motor's power rating will also dictate the minimum specification when selecting an ESC. Most sites will give feedback on recommended ESC and propeller specs to pair with the motor.
Electronic Speed Controller (ESC) x 4
	The ESC will dictate how fast the motors spin. A common firmware that's used is the SimonK. Firmware is important because it can affect the refresh rate of ESC and how precisely the ESC can control the motors.
Flight Controller Board
	Flight controllers are the brains of the system. Interfacing the sensors, motor control speed control, as well as inputs, flight controllers are where the magic happens.
Radio Transmitter and Reciever (Tx/Rx)
	Without the Tx/Rx, the quadcopter can't be remotely controlled. It's safe to say that they're kind of important.
Propeller x 4 (clockwise [cw] x 2 and counter-clockwise [ccw] x 2)
	Fans move air; air makes thrust; thrust moves thingies.
Battery
	Power anybody?
Charger
	Refill anybody?

Flight Mechanics:
Before you begin flying, there's a bit of studying to do before going full throttle. Needless-to-say, it wouldn't hurt to refresh on some basic physics to learn about flight dynamics. One important concept to understand is torque/momentum in addition to the laws of conservation. Imagine you are sitting on a chair, without your feet touching the ground. You're also holding a bicycle wheel (axle perpendicular to the floor) spinning ccw. If you were to stop the wheel, you'd begin to start spinning ccw due to the conservation of momentum. In order to determine how the quadcopter will spin in air (yaw), we have to take the sum of momentums (ccw + cw) from our motors. This is why in the component list, there are 2 cw + 2 ccw propellers because we need counter-rotating rotors in order to have a net spin of 0. So if we wanted to rotate our quadcopter ccw, this means that the quadcopter must slow the ccw spinning rotors to maintain conservation of momentum. The next question becomes, "What happens if I lower the speed of one side of the quadcopter?" The answer is simple; it'll tilt towards the direction with the lower speed which will cause it to fly in that same direction. The final question is "If I have both of my ccw rotors on one side and cw rotors on the other, what will happen?" Consider what would happen in this scenario if you were to change yaw. 

Abstract:
The purpose of this project is to serve as a preface to swarm technology in addition to dynamic networking and SLAM (simultaneous localization and mapping) technologies. By working with Crazyflie, it provides the opportunity on how flight mechnaics work on a small scale, and allows for flexible development with the variety of components and its options of supported programming languages.
