There are a few general operating systems to be aware of when talking about computers which are Windows/NT, GNU/Linux, and Mac OS (a unix based OS). In regards to how a personal computer differs from a server, there really isn't a difference in hardware; They're both computers. The primary difference is that servers generally tend to have redundancy to prevent down-time during a component failure, they're a little more expensive since they are designed to handle heavier workloads, they run 24/7 in an ideal scenario, and they're intended to provide a service (hence the name server) instead of being used to run services as a client.

What makes a system vulnerable is the addition of features to the system. Another issue is that some systems are hsoted all on one system behind one firewall in the same local network. In a large scale system featuring a number of servers would implement multiple firewalls, network segmentation, intrusion detection systems, data backup sets, redundancy of data, multiple server sites, avoids containment of sensitive information on any web facing system, and the list goes on.

Most small businesses will not have as big as an infrastructure set as many large enterprises, henceforth they will usually have a few servers and be working out of a single building. Being in a single building and having a limited budget. Due to limited budgets, currently many businesses are beginning to migrate their infrastucture to cloud services. The benefit of utilizing cloud services is that it eliminates the excessive costs that come with acquiring server hardware, maintnance of server components, upgrade costs of components to keep systems fast and responsive, and eliminates the need to employee on-site IT staff. There is one issue with cloud migration which would be all assets that are migrated to the cloud are web facing at all times. 

Web facing services alone have a list of things that would pose as a potential gateway for adversaries to get access to the internal system. Take for example a harmless blog created using Drupal hosted on Amazon Web Services. There are a number of questions that should be investigated when considering a cloud service. What happens if the cloud host is hacked? During an attack, how does the host stop the attacker in order to minimize collateral? How big is the service's network and how many customers are they serving? How are is the service internalizing their security? In the event of hardware failure, how does the service provider guarantee safety of data?

There are more basic questions that should be asked fundamentally. What is the cost of using the service provider? What options and features do they offer?

Going back to the blog, there also needs to be a consideration of how the front-end of the blog is developed. A common issue is that a website might allow the execution of code in a text field. The code then allows the adversary to gain access into the server and establish a shell. There are 3 common types of shells which are:
1. Bindshells
2. Reverse (connect-back) shells
3. Socket-reuse shells
